I'm sorry if I'm wrong, but isn't this Shio?
I'm sorry.
I caught the chief of the Kayaba village, but I'm still the same.
No, no, you're still the same.
I'm sorry to say that I want to go out, but I'm in a strange shape.
Oh, flowers and fruits, this is what winter is like.
If you say so, you can't understand the big mountain without saying anything.
Money is also frozen, and the moon is dead.
Oh, I see that you haven't forgotten the law.
I'm sorry to say that I'm in a strange shape.
Oh, I understand.
Please wait a moment.
Please take out the money and give it to me.
Please give me the money.
I'll give it to you.
I'll give you the water and the stone.
Thank you.
I'll give you the brush.
I put on a coat and a dress and said I wanted to be washed away.
If you look closely at the plan, you'll see it again tomorrow.
That treasure.
I was surprised.
That's why I said.
Gengo, please come as many times as you want.
If you have 300 or 500 countries, I'll take care of them.
We are separated by the land.
The snow is falling.
The sky is full of sweat.